Evan Harrell
4/19
Sprint: 5 
Level.cs
Author of the .cs file being reviewed: Matt Weiss
Specific comments on code quality:

The Level file holds the various parts of the whole level.  It holds the value for score, the camera and tracks the time limit.  It also holds a list of
layers the various layers make up the part of the game.  It has methods to add and remove layers to this list.  It's update method calls the updates for
the various layers, and tracks the time limit.  The draw method calls the draw method for each layer in the list.  The restore method contains the code for
restarting the game, setting the score, time, and camera back to their initial settings, and calling each layers restore setting.

This file is really useful in managing a multi-layer game.  There's an easy way to add (or remove) new layers (which I found out when creating the HuD
layer).  In addition, in the main Sprint5 update method we don't need to call the method for each layer of the game, instead just calling the update method
for the current level of the game, saving space and preventing repetative code from clogging up the main update method.  Level allows us to divide up the
layers, interate easily, and modify/update them all at once rather than one at a time.  All in all, level is a very useful class for managing the several
layers of the game (and any more that would be added).



Number of minutes taken to complete the review: 14


A hypothetical change to make to the game related to file being reviewed and how the current implementation could or could not easily support that change:

Not sure if the time limit should be handled by the level itself.  I know there is only one level in flappy bird but if there were multiple levels, the time
limit would only need to be handled by it if it varied by level.  The same applies to the score value and the camera.  If all three are standard throughout
the various levels of a game, they would need to be handled elsewhere.  For the purpose of our game, there really isn't any issue here as there is only
one continuous level, but it's something to be aware of.